Add a `merge` word to a fast forward action names and descriptions (#657)
VirtusLab/git-machete-intellij-plugin: README.md

![](docs/plugins.jetbrains.com/scenario-4-ff-merge.gif)

> Note that `Fast-forward Merge To Parent` does not require you to check out any specific branch beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `Fast-forward Merge To Parent` does not require you to check out the branch getting merged (or its parent) beforehand.
```
